# Power Tool Drag Race Event/Activity
## Safety Waiver Assumption of Risk Liability Release Form

**Safety Waiver Assumption of Risk Liability Release** -- By signing below, you are agreeing to voluntarily participate in
various event activities with knowledge that some or all of the activities may involve risk of injury, property damage, 
or death resulting from your own actions, inactions, or negligence;  from proximity to and the use of potentially dangerous
tools and materials;  and/or from the active or passive negligence, misconduct, or failure to act, and by the sponsoring
event staff and/or its program sponsors and volunteers, other exhibitors and suppliers, and each of their officers, directors
trustees, employes, agents, members, representatives and licensees (collectively "we" or "us").  You hereby forever and
unconditionally release each of us from all actions, claims, demands, or attorney fees you, your assignees, successors, 
heirs, distributes, guardians, next-of-kin, spouses, and any legal representatives (collectively "you") now have, or may
have in the future, for injury, property damage, or death resulting from your participation in these activities, or while
in, on, or about the event grounds and activity are, or while going to or departing from them.  You also agree that you 
will not make a claim against, sue, or attach the property of any of us, or our respective shareholders, parents, members, 
affiliates, heirs, successors, and assignees in conjunction with any of the matters covered by this release.

**Release for Recordings** -- Furthermore, you acknowledge that this event and these activities can and may be recorded in 
audio, visual, and/or audiovisual media and you consent to the making and use of such recordings by us for any purpose.
You release us and or licensees from and waive any claims resulting to or arising by reason of the making and/or use of 
such recordings.  You grant us the right to use your likeness in whatever form, in conjunction with the use of the recordings.

**Finally** -- You acknowledge that you have read this safety waiver assumption of risk liability release and understand
the assumption of risk on your part and your release of liability.  We are relying on this -- your signed waiver -- as a
condition in allowing you to participate in this event and these activities.  